Overview: I'm building a Family Office. I own stocks and real estate (long term rentals) primarily. I have most of my retirement in Ameriprise. I have "play" stocks in Alpaca. For real estate, each property is in its own LLC (RKS Properties - <property name>) and I use Innago to manage rent, leases, and repair requests. I use Quickbooks for bookkeeping. I'm also an executive for a tech company (Chief Customer Officer at Tanium) so I'm quite busy. My wife, Kristy, manages the real estate businesses as a property manager. I do travel a lot, so I could use some help with scheduling and keeping my family up-to-date with my travel from time to time.  
Slaten Family Office Design Principles: I want my agents running in the background doing all the work while I'm doing my day job - I'm willing to invest in local hardware if more is needed. I currently own multiple macs and PCs. I want most of the work done locally where possible to minimize cloud AI spend, but do want to be able to access and interact with my agents when I'm not at home (I have a modern router that supports VPN into my home network). I also want to make sure that any work that is done is properly backed up and modular, so if I want to migrate to a new AI model or local computer it's easy to do so. Furthermore, I don't want to be running commands or updating scripts - I want my agents doing that. I should just be providing the integration and initial configuration/credentials only. 
Russ’ Interests: I like history, business, tech, and finance. I do follow sports, but not that closely. The Dallas men's pro teams are primarily what I follow - I do like to know when they are playing, the score, and anything interesting from the game along with significant team news. I own an RV and take my family camping there often. We go snow skiing every year. 
Who Russ follows: I listen to Joe Rogan podcasts from time to time. I like the politicians he has on and the aliens & science folks that come on his show. I like Meet Kevin and Graham Stephen as well. Mr Wonderful from Shark Tank is great. The Why Files YouTube channel is also amazing.I tend to listen to long YouTube history channels to go to sleep. Anything about WWII usually works well for me.
Russ’ Money Philosophy: I’m not a gambler, but do like to make money. I don’t have any personal debt and only have mortgages on a few of my rental properties back when interest rates were low. I have a very demanding job so I need ways to make more passive income as I don’t have the time to be actively involved in a business.
Russ’ Travel: Outside of RV travel, I travel a lot for work. I travel on American Airlines / OneWorld primarily - I tend to fly first/business for work travel and economy personally. I try to use hotel points and frequent flier miles for personal travel with my family. I have lifetime platinum status with Marriott and use Chase points for travel as well. 
Russ’ Points Strategy: I don’t have much of one. We primarily use the Chase Sapphire Preferred card and the American Airlines AAdvantage Black Mastercard that gives you Admirals Club Access. I'm Executive Platinum but will likely make ConciergeKey on American Airlines this year. My wife really wants access to more lounges, but I already pay hefty annual fees with these cards.